What is it guys and welcome come back.
So now in this video we're going to be working up with the plug ins.
OK so what are the plug ins and why are they so useful with wordpress.
Let's get started.
First of all you have to go to the dashboard and then you can see that we have another top that is called
the plugin.
So before going into the plugins I want you to know and know that that what are the plug ins and how
did these four and just like why do we need it.
OK so you must not be seeing any of the plug in it as default install by Word Press I'm going to go
hit I'm going to delete all of the plug ins so that we can just start from right now.
OK.
So now I want to show you the.
I want to tell you a great example of a plugin so plug ins can be called as the apps.
OK.
Like they enhance your website like they are add ons to your side or the extra things that can be added
to your upset she can see that we have designed just a simple basic Web site that's all.
OK we have designed this website.
We have all the necessary pages.
OK we have her blog we have it contact us and everything.
OK.
And now I want to tell you like let's suppose that I want to add something more into my website like
we saw a slide show in our website in different websites like a old web site.
OK.
So let's suppose that I want to add that how will I add that this is the most important thing and the
plugins are the one that do this job.
So there are so many plug ins that you can find on the Wordpress directory and there are also some other
plug ins that are not.
So if I just go ahead and click Add new and you can see that these are the plug ins like we have this
jet back we have this WB super catchy it enhanced the speed of your website like you say it is loading
slow.
If you install it your website will go like amazing and very much faster.
I'm not telling you to install it right now to not install it guys.
OK.
So if you go to the popular tab then we have so many popular plugins like Gumbi can add the contact
form to her Web site like I'm here will be a contact form and the contact page and any of the user can
just go ahead and he can enter his details and it will send me an e-mail.
OK.
Same like this.
We have our back.
That will help us to just enhance the ex-CEO.
We go down and we have the security that will help us to like work with our security.
And there are so many plug ins that we have here.
OK.
So let me give you an example right now and let's just go ahead and go over the top plug in that is
the most popular plug in and this is coming on the top.
I'm going to go it and I'm going to install them and let's just set install and install this and let's
work with it.
Let's see how does it work how does this plug in work and how can we just add a contact form to our
website.
So this plug in is here.
This blue line indicates that this plug in is activated.
OK.
And we have this contact form 7.
Let's just go ahead and let's just go to the settings here and let's see what is here.
OK.
You can see this is a new tab that has been created because of this plug in.
And here we can manage all the settings here.
So here it's conduct for one that has already been created and it was created one minute ago.
That means that when we install this plug in this contact form was created let's just go ahead and let's
head at it.
OK.
And on just sitting at it you can copy this short cord and paste it into your post or text widget content.
So this is a form that is already created.
OK.
And if you just go to the meal settings you can see that if someone enters the farm the farm credentials
is going to be sent to this e-mail address.
OK.
So it just indicates that.
Let's just go ahead.
I'm not telling you about this form right now.
I'm just telling you about the plugins that you plug into.
So do not get yourself confused with this because I'm not telling you anything about it.
I'll tell you later on we will move forward with this course.
OK let's just quickly go ahead and let's copy this and let's go to our contact page and let's just set
it page and let's add the form here.
So I'm going to add the form here.
Let's just press this and let's paste this code.
OK.
And I'm just hitting a date OK.
And now let's just go ahead and view this page.
So how does it look.
OK this is working.
You can see it is your name your e-mail your subject and your message.
Let's see if this form works or not so I'm going to be entering my name here.
So let's put that my name is this My e-mail is this.
I'm going to be entering a different e-mail because the admin e-mail is this so let's just add a different
e-mail.
OK.
The subject is Hello NZL.
And the message is going to be hey 10 Zele.
I need help with my web site.
OK.
That's all.
And now I have to go ahead and I have to hit send.
So I just clicking send the Tay's Pinku your for your message.
It has been sent.
OK.
So we have to see if we if our message has been received or not.
So I have to open up my gmail account.
That was the account.
And let's see if that works or not.
So here we haven't received any mail yet.
Well just go ahead and let's open up these found to see if we have received that OK as this is received
you can see it's in zeal and we have this received this this is received by them.
And let's just go ahead and let's open this up.
I'm going to open this up.
And he's from zero hello to zeal and message body.
And here it says hello to and zeal.
I need the help that my website.
And this is the message that is being sent.
This is how to contact Filmworks guys.
You can see.
Sorry the plugins where you can see that we just installed an app into our website and it does the job.
OK we don't have to do the coding that is behind this like ph be courting to send the email and days
and this and that and we just installed a plug in just that short cord and that's all they're done.
OK.
So I'm not telling you about this plug in that how this works.
I'm just telling you that how plug in works.
Not this plug in.
OK.
So now we're totally done with the plug in.
And now we know how everything works.
We know about the dashboard dashboard is like a home.
It's going to tell you the latest things that are going on the activity and news and events and everything.
OK.
And then we have the update.
So it's going to tell you the update.
OK.
Like what are the updates that are coming.
Like if you go into the App Store OK in your iOS device then any updates you see that when a new application
is available you can update that same like this.
This is exactly same I don't have to explain anything else with this.
OK.
Then in the post you guys are already known in the media you guys already know in the pages in the comments
and this is a conduct that is created by that plugin that means to all you guys now know appearance
plugins and the users is left so I'm going to be explaining this in the next video and then I'm going
to be moving on with our project so because I think right now I'll just explain this right.
So Stegen guys and in the next year you'll be working with the users by.